Update docs for default 2 GB Kibana instances (#6121)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/billing-faq.md

:   :::{include} /deploy-manage/_snippets/cc-license-and-payment.md

$$$faq-included$$$What is included in my paid {{ech}} deployment?
:   All subscription tiers for {{ech}} include the following:

>     * Free 1 GB RAM {{kib}} instance. {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4+` New deployments include 2 GB RAM {{kib}} instances to support growing built-in functionality. You are charged in full for 2 GB of RAM. Instances in existing deployments are not automatically resized.

Reviewer: 2 notes:
- should this be a note instead?
- I don't think it's "9.4" per say. This happens with the 9.4 release timeline; but the change would apply to any ECH deployment created (so even previous versions) from May 2026 - to confirm

:   :::{include} /deploy-manage/_snippets/cc-license-and-payment.md

$$$faq-included$$$What is included in my paid {{ech}} deployment?
:   All subscription tiers for {{ech}} include the following:

    * Free 1 GB RAM {{kib}} instance. 
      :::{note}

>       New deployments include 2 GB RAM {{kib}} instances to support growing built-in functionality. You are charged in full for 2 GB of RAM. Instances in existing deployments are not automatically resized.

Reviewer 2: I find it a bit confusing to say `Free 1 GB RAM {{kib}} instance` and then mention 2GB in the note right after this bullet. When you say `new deployments` is that something that can be tied into a product version?

Reviewer 2: Or are we trying to say that the first 1 GB is free, but you're charged more because new deployments include 2 GB RAM {{kib}} instances ... ?

Reviewer 3: >Or are we trying to say that the first 1 GB is free, but you're charged more because new deployments include 2 GB RAM {{kib}} instances ... ?

correct.

we can't tie it to a version - it's any deployment on any version, just created after a certain date (aligns with 9.4 stack release but does not require 9.4 stack)

we could put a date 😬 or link to a changelog entry?

Author: I vote for date (May 2026?). It's not the best but probably better than sending users to a whole new page for something like this

Reviewer 3: fixed, ty :)

>       New deployments include 2 GB RAM {{kib}} instances to support growing built-in functionality. You are charged in full for 2 GB of RAM. Instances in existing deployments are not automatically resized.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      Deployments created in May 2026 or later include 2 GB RAM {{kib}} instances to support growing built-in functionality. You are charged in full for 2 GB of RAM. Instances in existing deployments are not automatically resized.
```
